What is up my bodyweight warriors and welcome back to a five-minute morning mobility routine. Today's routine is version two, it's slightly different, a little bit more advanced than the first version so I'll link the original down below if you want to check it out beforehand but otherwise let's jump into the routine. So we're going to start kneeling and we're going to perform the Lewitt technique to start. So we're going to raise both hands up to the side, turn one hand down, lift the other hand palms up and raise it and look towards it. Then we're going to breathe in and we're going to reverse the motion looking towards the other hand and lifting it and then we're going to breathe out and swap back. So we're doing this at the pace of our breath. We're going to raise and look and then turn it around and reverse it. The entire time here you want to think about trying to reach your hands far away from your body. This is a cervical spine mobiliser, so you want to focus about having good shoulder posture. The shoulders want to be back, they want to be down, they want to be contracted. Lifting the chest up. Continue to perform this, nice deep breathing. We're going to perform one more on each side. Right after we've done that Lewitt technique we're just going to hop ourselves forward. I'm going to turn sideways so you can see. We're going to go into a quadruped position. You're going to hold your right hand on your head, go down with your left right elbow towards your left hand and then you're going to extend breathing in as far as you can to the side. Pause for a second and then drop back to the middle. I'm going to repeat this for five reps, so breathing in as you extend up, pausing, breathing out as you come back down. Extend as far as you can, all the way around. Last one. What we're going to do now, place our right hand down, left arm on our head. We're going to do the exact same thing, just on the other side. So breathe in, extend and come back down. Three more. Really try to breathe in and just extend and rotate as far as you can. Last one. So from here we're going to shoot our left leg forward, having our hands on the inside and drop down into a lunge position. Walk our hands back so we can sit as far as we can into a lunge position. From here we're just going to try and push our heel back, lift our knee off, squeeze our glute and then we're going to drop it back down. We're going to perform five reps here, so pushing that heel back, dropping it back down. Each time we're just trying to think about squeezing the glutes and we're going to try and push that heel back. You want to try and stay upright here. The more upright you are, the more stretch you're going to get over that hip flexor. So we're going to do one more after this and on that last one we're just going to hold it for ten seconds. Keep that glute on the back leg engaged and really push that heel back. From here, all we're going to do is now drop down as close as you can. If you can't get to elbows that's fine, just go as low as you can onto that front leg. If you can't get onto elbows that's fine. We're just now going to chill out in this position for a second. You should feel a nice stretch on the adductors, the inside of the leg and also probably a little bit on the glute. Just going to rock back and forth here and just kind of chill out in this position for twenty or so seconds. Push back up, go into a plank position, bring the right leg forward and then again, walk your hands back, be nice and upright and I'm going to do five reps pushing that heel back, engaging the glute, letting it come back down. Repeat again, two. Really squeeze that glute, try and extend the hip, try and stay upright. This fourth one and on the last one again, hold for ten seconds. Again, after this ten second hold, all we're going to do is we're going to drop down onto that front leg as low as we can and just going to chill out in this position. Remember all this time we just want to try and keep our breathing nice and controlled, nice and deep, diaphragmatic. You might get some blood flowing doing some of these exercises but it shouldn't be too crazy. Going to continue to hold out in this position, get back onto our hands, back into a plank position, going to bring our feet forward into a squat, get onto a squat as far as you can, hands behind you and from here we're going to sit down and what we're going to do is we're going to let our legs drop to one side, so our left side first and lift them back up, lift them to the middle and drop to the other side. So this is going to be a swivel of the hips where we go from external and internal rotation of one side and reverse it again, external and internal rotation of the other side. What we're going to do is we're going to do ten in total, so four, five, six, just keep swivelling backwards and forwards and on the last rep, so on this one we're just going to hold this position on the side for about ten seconds, try and sit more upright if you can, keep your chest kind of neutral facing towards the direction you're looking and you should get a bit more of a twist in the hips. Lift them up, twist the other side, again, stay upright if you can, keep the chest facing forward. Hold this position for a second and from here we're going to bring the legs in front, keep the arms behind and then what we're going to do is we're going to try and move into a bit of shoulder extension, so lift, push the arms behind you, lift your chest high, squeeze your shoulder blades back and then continue to walk your hips forward until you bring yourself into a point of shoulder extension where you feel a nice stretch, you're going to feel a stretch, probably in the bicep, going to be into the chest of the pec. Just keeping those hands behind, keep active, lift the chest, pin those shoulder blades back, I'm just going to hold this position, you can keep wiggling your hips forward if it feels like you can get more of a stretch out of it. You can wheel around, move around, just as long as you keep those shoulders in good position. Right, we're going to bring those legs in again, push ourselves back into a squat position, we're going to start in the deepest squat that we can and you can either hold on to your toes or you can just try and keep your fists on the ground and you're going to extend into a pike, pause for a second and then drop down into a squat. So as you extend up you can also try and reach as deep into the stretch as you can, try and keep yourself close to your quads. Three more. Last one, almost there. And that is basically the routine. If you enjoyed this video, you know what to do, hit that thumbs up button and support the channel, it's a nice quick 5-minute thing you can do pretty much every morning, it's going to mix up from the original 5-minute morning mobility routine if you're getting a bit bored. If you have any questions about this routine, feel free to leave a comment in the comment section down below. Also, while you're down there, right next to it is that subscribe button if you don't want to miss out on any more future videos, whether it be follow-alongs, bodyweight tutorials, flexibility tutorials, handstand stuff, it's all on this channel. But that has been it for this week guys, I'll catch you in the next episode. Have a strong week and peace.